# Minutes of Meetings

* **Tasks** - (T) has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### Date : 18-03-2022
### Time : 21:00
### Topic: Seventh Client Meet (Post Release-1)
### Attendees: Ven M (Client), Akash C R, Divyansh Tiwari, Naval Surange, Siddharth Jain

Type | Description                                        | Owner | Deadline
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
I    | There was a general discussion about release 1, how|   -   |    -
        it went, etc.
D    | The user profiles were finalised for the products. |   -   |    -
I    | There was a general discussion about Pinata,       |   -   |    -
        Tinlake, and Citadao.
D    | We decided to launch a Coordinape Circle of our own|   -   |    -
T    | The user profiles such as Community Manager and    | Ven M | 15-03-2022
        is needed to be added to our current progress.